so it seems you killed krauser to how
shall i return my appreciation what are
you talking about I thought he was with
you what are you talking about did you
really think I'd trust an American to
tell you the truth I was contemplating
how to little bit of him but thanks to
you that no longer necessary you were
just using him right from the start oh I
must hand it to you you've demonstrated
quite a bit of promise by killing
krauser when you're a simulation with
last blog as his complete i'll have you
serve as my god unfortunately I'm going
to have to decline your generous offer I
have prior engagements enjoy your
smart-mouthing while you can political
oppression
still no problem damn
hey it's about time sorry bad traffic
I'll cover you
now that's what I call back up like you
looking for firepower you come to the
right place
extra
thank you
max
take up
thanks we get out of here drinks are on
me yeah hey I know goodbye
Mike
I'll make sure you're the next to go
Sadler oh I'm sorry Leon Sadler you
bastard it's nothing to get all upset
about don't tell me you've never swatted
it bothers and fly in essence it's the
same thing what did you say in sex life
doesn't compare to human lives when
you've acquired this power you too will
understand guess it's another good
reason to get the parasite out of my
body mm-hmm I wish you luck